I can record
and we don't have a ton
of items to get to,
uh
and I might be able to do one that might be fun
if we have a little bit of time.
Um
So corporate events,
uh
they,
I
think I saw a little, I put this in,
in slack and I saw a little bit of uh kind of noise around it,
which was good.
Um
You know, the,
the nutshell here is as we've kind of restructured and
tried different things. Um
The event support that we need isn't as nailed down as it needs to be.
Uh So
the current tactic that we're going with is go to market team
signs up and kind of s
sponsors that event.
So you support as a PM M, your campaign manager does the campaigns for that event, et
cetera, et cetera, et cetera.
Uh I don't
see anyone in the uh
maybe there are comments in the issue. I don't see the,
the header updated yet.
I thought we had in Slack sort of farmed each one of them out.
That's
so I guess that the next, so it looks like
Thai
put in
some folks it looks like
this looks good.
So that,
let's see, need support from GTM teams.
So I guess the ask would be,
um,
to work with your GTM team. So, so did, let me ask it,
I saw some slack, I think in our Slack.
But did, did you all, uh,
were you all able to connect with like your GTM teams,
uh, on Slack only and on the issue actually?
Yeah, same, not in, not in real time, but, you know, source feedback.
I got one person to respond so far.
So it may end up Cindy being you and I just picking the
one that we want to do and then they can back and set up
um
If we don't get any more feedback.
Yeah. Do you all um
Does anybody have like a, a regular sink still?
Are those all been canceled or is there
in
case you still have a regular
sick?
-- Yeah, we're on like a two week
-- cadence.
Ok.
Yeah, GS has been canceled um after the enablement.
Cool. So
I'm just trying to catch up with the thread.
Um
So it looks like maybe a platform on re invent
C
I CD on Google next and
gets on coupon.
Does that sound right?
That's where we were last I heard.
Cool. So then I think,
um
I think we can, we can help the Corp events team.
They do, they do a lot of like a cat herding and,
you know, keep on tracking people down.
So I think if, if this team can take the mission to,
like, try to help
track that down. So, if you, you know,
get the commitment specifically from your campaign managers, hey, like we're,
we're signing up for a coupon,
you know, can you comment on the issue that yes, I can commit to this, et
cetera, et cetera, et cetera,
you know.
Um
So that just so that they can get that,
that event support, but that looks good. And I appreciate
uh thanks for the link too, Sonia on the roles
ah
product announcements.
So I appreciate you Brian for adding this. I uh I probably should have added it, but
I had two questions about that. 11 is over. What time frame are we looking at?
So,
uh
so in theory, this is this could be the same as the
Gab 14 launch where we're saying basically since 13.0
what has, you know, what kind of big improvements have we made?
Um
Candidly, this is always a little bit tough and I'm and I'm,
I am not totally sure of all of the
kind of the interplay here,
but I think
I think this is kind of the general gist of this assignment
is OK, we have commit coming up.
We have some amount of like we have a stage of,
you know, a
metaphorical stage
to say something to the world and we'll get some
amount of press attention because we're having an event,
right?
What kind of announcements do we make?
Um
at git lab, it's really,
really tough to make product announcements because
our entire roadmap is completely public,
yada yada yada.
So
the thought here is to,
but also because our entire road map is completely
public and because we ship these tiny little NBC S
and a new feature will come out, but it'll be
not really usable,
right? So it takes a while. So if you look back over the past year
and say, OK, like what started in the last year,
but now is really like a full fledged feature.
What would, what would be coming out of beta,
right?
Like if we were any other company,
when we started a beta program in this last year, what would we be announcing is G A
at
commit?
That's kind of, that's kind of my thought on it.
I see a couple of head. Nos. What do you think, Sydney?
Yeah, I think I
was inclined to group some things to say like
vulnerability management because there were tiny little MV CS all the way along.
But if you look at over the course of the year,
we went from this to this,
it makes more sense to me to highlight that than in any individual
little thing. And then
the other point was
we just had 14.0 can we just, can we reuse some of those things and plug them in here.
Absolutely. Yeah.
Yeah. And vulnerability management was, was one of the,
you know, the features out of we, we looked at 14.0. So I think,
yeah, this is like, let's take the stuff from 14.0
and then maybe add a few more so that we
can hit kind of different areas of press or give,
give our pr team.
This is kind of like input into our pr team to give them fodder to go out with.
And are we trying to hit three per stage?
I,
yeah, ideally, there's just, you know, three, you know, uh
three items per stage.
And then I think y'all made some good notes that OK, we need to add manage.
So I see manage in here. That's excellent.
Um
And
uh integrations we don't,
well, actually we have some pretty exciting integration. So we have the,
-- the Jira stuff
-- is pretty good.
There's a couple of things in uh integrations with VS code
that could be notable, but
I can I show what I did for SCM just to get some general feedback on it. And
if someone hasn't done it, maybe that'll also
kick I was going
Cindy's direction here,
which was uh thinking,
you know, a lot of, and then I call them key iterations, the sort of specific things.
So I listed a few specific things like three or four per each as key iterations,
but I called them something overall.
So we would have like one thing to call them.
Uh
There's several key iterations aligned with uh giddily cluster,
uh several that roll up to a research based user experience. And I was thinking like
I, I was shy and calling out UX as, as a bucket except that actually that's,
that's super typical, right?
Like Windows 11 or anybody who's rolling stuff out,
they almost always have UX as one of their three things and
then they mentioned a laundry list of stuff that aligns to that.
Um So I, I,
you know, forgave myself, uh for doing something.
At first, I was kind of like shy about calling out UX and,
and bucketing some things there.
But actually, when I looked around, that's pretty much how everybody does,
um, a big launch
and in terms of the excitement level that also,
like I went in thinking this is just a two,
I guess part of it is like, I feel like we're almost fixing something that's broken
and that's not something you want to shout from the rooftops about, but
actually some of that stuff is really cool. So I gave it a three
excitement level. I wasn't sure exactly where to place things. Um But
I figured I wouldn't,
uh like the Cindy's comment have something that's one here anyway.
But I, the only way I could make sense of like the iterations was to,
to bucket them with something.
And, uh, so that's kind of how I came down on it.
I don't know what everyone thinks about that.
Yeah. II, I like that.
I
know
I've done a similar, I've taken a similar approach for monitor.
Um, with incident management, there were a bunch of things that we released.
Um, although the core of incident management was part of 12
dot X. I think so.
Um
I did the same over there as well. Yeah,
-- I think that makes
-- sense.
Yeah.
And that,
that would help me with the planned stuff as well because there are some
things like epic boards that people have been asking for for years now and they
finally have and that's great. But
um I think, you know, like the
the milestone burn up charts
that that was a two and that's,
that's helpful and I was looking through features and you know,
a actual monthly features that were released in a given month.
I mean, that was one of the more important ones, but it's not very exciting,
but we can bundle that with some other things and,
and, and up level it so that that would be helpful there.
And also Brian about the VS code thing.
One other cool thing about that is both of those VS code integrations that hit
the same month were um community contributions,
which is also kind of cool
is,
is that, is, do we have VS code listed on here?
I didn't add it but I can, I can add that in.
I've got good notes on that.
The extension that had been around for a while
became official was kind of one of the things,
-- but there's some other stuff that's a little juicier
-- than that
and that,
I think that's a, that's a pretty
good note as well. Um
We did that with like our, our terraform module right.
There was like a community module
but now it's officially supported.
So that's, that's the,
you know,
that can be the line, yes or no, whether you can use the thing
uh for a lot of businesses. So I think that's a good one too.
How are we measuring excitement levels? 12 and three is there?
I was, I was looking at
um
maybe MA U as a metric to perhaps measure whether customers have started using that
are interested in using that or not.
Uh We probably may not have it for everything,
but at least some of it wherever we have it is it, it's probably something we can,
we can use. Yeah,
but we, of course, we need a benchmark level of what MA U we wanna call. 12 or three.
I, I
think it's a little, it's a little bit of a judgment call like um
you know, for example, Cormac was saying, uh
like Epic boards is something that was asked for for a long time.
Now,
depending on how it's asked for, maybe that means it's exciting or it's not, right?
Um
But uh usually when something gets a lot of upvotes
or when there's a lot of demand for it,
then I would, I would bump the excitement level on something like that.
Um,
certainly if something shipped and a lot of people are using it,
the MA U, that's a, that's another good measure. I don't know that any
one of those needs to kind of be exclusive.
I think it's a bit of a, it's a bit of an individual judgment column just like what is,
what is your feeling based on, you know,
could be anecdotal like you talk to customers
and they're like really hyper excited about this
or,
you know, maybe not, which is, which is OK. I think it's OK.
Um
Harsh responded to my comment about why we
have the low excitement ones and just said something
about ha having him sort of stack ranked.
Yeah, I might,
I might even constrain this is we're not going to highlight lo segments,
but we want to see the full spectrum,
especially in the case we have slim pickings alternately
uh if they are double digit entries, then we can stack rank.
Um
So that's,
that's kind of also helpful there. So
if we have three for all of these that, I mean, it looks like we're gonna get there
and that's gonna be quite a lot of features.
So um
I might constrain it like this.
Maybe
you can only give out 112 or three
and, and, and treated as a stack rank rather than just like a raw excitement level.
That doesn't necessarily
hard to
somebody's one or somebody's 3 may be more important than somebody else's one
depending on the
and I had um
I started by just looking at what was considered
a key feature over the past year uh from,
from create
and,
you know, there are at least a dozen things that I'm not mentioning.
Uh that could be on the list.
Like I could give you 10 things instead of three,
give it, give this just like the rough like pass
and um
like a lot of things recently,
I've been moving between docs and spreadsheets and the spreadsheet to docs.
Uh This, you know, this might,
this might end up or some iteration of this might end up in
a spreadsheet where we then try to stack rank in pr is like,
OK, out of all of like the,
you know,
there's maybe 10 boxes here and three each out of the 30 items which are the top five.
Um
Actually, let's just, let's actually just do that, let's just do this like top,
top five overall.
-- We, so this
-- one is apr driven to some degree.
What about like a New and Christie's uh product keynote at commit?
-- Are we that tailing this with
-- that?
So, so this is exactly where this is headed to um
is the idea that um during the product keynote
and then ideally during Kid Sid's keynote as well
that there's some level of like an announcement that we make
that. Then the press cares about that announcement.
Um Again, really tough to do at cl because it's all been around for a while. So this is
this is our attempt to head to that area is
to say like these are the announcements of the event
and
yeah, maybe it's some things that have been around for a while, but like now they're
at a level of maturity now, you know, there's,
there's a reason to be excited about this.
So that's kind of where it's coming from.
So I put
uh a
top five overall.
Maybe we can just, uh
you know,
we should reserve a spot for plan,
but I'm gonna have to go through and do some aggregating after this.
Just go through the list of what shift in the last 12 months and
re bucket that.
So,
uh
maybe we can do like a five minutes kind of like um
just, just time box and uh kind of look at these here.
What do you, what do you all think is a top would be a top five
out of the list of, you know,
20 or 30.
I would say if UX does end up being a, a flag that we fly,
that's an easy one because there's more than just maps
to the created stage that would be considered UX improvement.
OK.
What else
we need to have a security one in there.
We could have either vulnerability management or, um,
I was, what I've been struggling with a little bit is I'd like to kind of group
the, um,
some of this,
the proprietary scanning,
um,
without making it sound like they're scanning improvements
because that sounds like they weren't good before.
Yeah,
I, let's, let's go with vulnerability management for now.
II, I would agree on that one and I would say that um
some of these,
we did do some press around and the the fuzzing acquisitions was one thing.
So we might not get
that
old.
I was,
I mean, we did the fuzzing acquisitions a long time ago.
Was it within the past year
for longer?
I thought it was
-- within the past year. I
-- think it was in the last
six, little over six months or
so.
It was,
-- it was
-- like last spring or summer and then we
did another set of press around the integration of it because
the pr team liked all the, I mean, we got a lot of attention on the acquisition.
So they had me do a follow up
um on the integration.
-- I just feel like it's kind of worn out
-- now, but
right, that's what I was saying is that the, the fuzzing we already did press on
so probably will not get another chomp at that.
So I think let's go with Vulnerability management
UN
review,
but
we also have
in terms of proprietary stuff. We've also got,
we replaced one of our scanners with SEM
group
and we did um we have our own proprietary DAS
scanner now that's in,
it's in beta
uh called browser.
So it's our answer to scanning single
page applications which represent a unique challenge.
I think.
I mean, if I could have to,
it would be vulnerability management and berserker probably.
OK.
Sere
did get picked up as a line item and a couple of the pieces about get back 14,
which uh between between the,
the proprietary shifts of the vulnerability management,
which would you pick as the number one out of those two?
Probably vulnerability management?
OK.
I'm just kind of scanning the list.
I would probably say like Cooper Net's agent
is something that we've made a lot of investment in.
Although
um I
think the CIN
agent and uh from an integration point of view,
uh perhaps the terra farm integration, I think we have a, a lot of customers actually
using that already.
So
I,
I
I'm just gonna call those get
ops
and I'm gonna put like KS agents
plus
has she
for
integrations?
It's like a bucket of capabilities that is probably worth talking about.
Uh
I
Yep,
cool. Well, let's,
you know, let's try to uh this is due Tuesday. I think we wanna try to get this done.
Um
So maybe just uh review this kind of like
let's just kind of pick top five
maybe something from plant something from C I CD.
-- Uh pipeline
-- editor is definitely an option for C I CD.
Um
Yeah, and there might be a
sorry,
no, sorry. There, there might be a value stream analytics story in there too. Um
If we aggregate it all, it's,
it's a bummer that customizable value stream analytics is 12 dot night.
Um
But uh
yeah, yeah,
there might be
cool. I'm just gonna, I'm gonna ping you on this cormac to add, add
a,
a top five plan.
Cool.
Uh I think
that's a pretty heavy, pretty heavy list just looking at it, you know,
it's pretty cool.
Yeah, that's great.
Yeah, and this is something we don't do, which II I agree. Like we don't,
we don't often
stop as a company and just kind of look at our wins.
Uh
I was really, I don't, did y'all, did anybody miss uh
what do we call it
assembly, the assembly?
Um
If you missed it, I recommend it.
I laughed because like what assembly reminds me of is like when I was in like
a young child in grade school,
you, they'd have this big stack of like carpet, they were like squares of carpet
and you go, like you go into the gym
and you pull off a square of carpet and all the Children
would sit on a square of carpet and that was like you'd have an assembly
so
-- that
-- to put everyone in the gym or like convert the half cafeteria gym,
you know, take away the big barrier
between it so that we can have more room and then
take those carpets that have never been cleaned and just,
you know,
sit on them and it'll be, it'll be great.
Aside, aside from the goofy name, I thought that, um,
and of course we can't talk about any of it on youtube.
But
man, that was like a really awesome look back at like
here's some wins and here's some exciting things that we've done.
Um And so I think we just need to get better at this as a company.
I think this exercise is an opportunity that
um I think we do a little bit of that, but this is doing it more. So,
uh Sonia,
you have some questions here
for elitists.
So,
in the competitive sheet, I was, I mean,
I've already identified the features for CD configure as well as uh monitor.
Uh getting it reviewed from PM.
My guess was,
or my understanding was that we wouldn't have the
same set of competitors that they gonna compare to,
but the right competitors for that particular stage,
right? So for example,
for uh for monitor, uh we may not have like a github
or something like that, we would have monitor based competitors
or
was
that the understanding because we identified that entire list
of competitors and partners for every single stage?
I thought we were gonna be using those competitors to compare against.
So I just wanted your, your input on what's because I saw uh
some of you have compared with the five competitors already listed over there.
Um So they may not be relevant, for example,
Cloud be may not be relevant for monitor stage at all.
Um So that's what I wanted to check with you.
Yeah, that's the case. I, I need to go back and look at the spreadsheet.
I mean, if the competitor
does not apply to that particular stage,
they shouldn't be on that tab in the spreadsheet.
So are you saying that you see competitors on
that tab for a stage where they don't apply?
Yeah,
I
think it was
copy
pasted. Each
has the
same. Yeah.
So each sheet has uh has uh ad O Atlassian Guitar Jenkins, J Frog and cloud piece,
right?
So
that may not be relevant for monitor for configure.
It would be a different set of comp competitors that we need to include,
which I think we already identified
a while back. I think we identified top three competitors for every stage.
We,
that's when we tiered them, right? Tier one, tier two, tier three.
So this where we are right now is we're looking at just tier one competitors.
That's probably why I cut and paste them because those are all tier ones.
So we're just focusing on tier one right now.
So if they don't apply to that stage, don't worry about it
makes sense.
So, just pick the ones out of that list that apply to our stage.
Right.
So we just use the tier one computers
and if they're not,
if they don't, are not applicable, then we don't have to fill out anything for that.
-- Yeah,
-- for now. But then we'll move to tier two and tier three, then we'll look at those
and do we need to add a line item for get lab as well? Because I, I think that's
the thing
over here.
-- Yeah, we
-- should add up. I think you asked me that
before. Right.
-- Or someone asked me,
-- I'm just looking at it, Brian
asked
because the way
without it,
you're basically putting all the things that we're better at.
Yeah,
for sure, for sure.
Yeah.
Ideally when we pick like the 10 to 15 features,
those, some of those were like git lab only, some of those were like
git lab didn't have,
well, I thought it was supposed to be not, none of them should be get level only.
Right. It should be all through the lens of.
Exactly. Yeah, it should be like market lens. So
in an ideal world, most of them are like this is what I'm shopping for this solution.
Some, like some of them might be get level only.
Some of them might be like competitor only
so that it's a, somebody would look at it and be like,
this looks honest and trustworthy and like
a, a accurate assessment of the market.
And then, yeah, I think Sonia
for this just to kind of reiterate for this one.
We're only doing these five competitors. So we'll do the other ones in a later stage.
And then uh
for if, if the
vendor builds like bills themselves as a platform,
then we should specifically call out that they have zero.
So github
Bills itself as a platform, it sells itself that way.
Um Same with as your Dev
ops. Same with Jay Frog.
Well, they all do for tier one except Jenkins and Clovis
Jenkins. Cloys
does not.
But
what is it? You know, as your dep
you have
uh
Atlassian
and although Atlassian, we still need to figure something out there.
-- As a
-- matter of fact, then I go back and add
Atlassian because I
based on conversation, I think we have to do it. I don't think we can leave them off.
So then I,
I don't, I have
to look at this.
It is
Atlassian
-- is on that sheet.
-- Ok.
Yeah, I went back and added them because based on discussion like my, my,
I wanted to take them off completely and just leave them as a partner,
but we can't do that.
So,
so,
so yeah, so for, for those platform,
you know, we should call out the fact that they don't have any monitoring.
If they have like zero out of 15,
we should call that out.
Um Same with configure stuff for this, you know, any those kind of capabilities,
it be, it be, I think if we took that a step further,
it'd be good to even describe it in a way that doesn't just say our product
stage and use like a value based description
of what monitor and configure mean because otherwise
we're just, no, that's not gonna do any good for us.
Have you guys seen the new infographic that the uh
design team has come up with?
Not yet.
Oh You haven't.
No.
Do we have a link to that
quickly? William?
-- I don't
-- know or we can throw it in the uh you can throw it in the um notes if you find it.
Uh
Let's see who can find it faster.
I
guarantee
you not with the amount of tabs I have open.
Oh my God. That's why I'm like, it probably won't be me.
So I this is why I send everything to uh Google
uh gmail
because the search is so fast. So I literally
have a folder where all of my get lab pings go
and I can just search for infographic
and
I
found it. I found it. I
found it.
Who could look at first?
I found it. I found it.
So
this is the one.
So this, there's two,
this is the one for the single to comparison but then for the um but it's gonna look
the same but then here's the one for um I just put it in chat for you guys
and here's the one for the platform players.
So,
so we made a,
we made a couple of decisions along the way. So um
one of the decisions was to just go with stages.
Um
It, it, it would have been like a whole another layer of OK,
if we don't go with just the git lab stages, the 10 stages, what do, what do we use?
um that has to be determined, reconciled all this kind of stuff
like
the, you know,
we kinda,
I don't know how long it's been since we updated, those pages have like
not been updated,
but we kind of are just trying to move towards some sort towards some progress. So
uh
I concur that maybe
configure and monitor is not as descriptive as it could be
but the place where it will. So actually, I'll, I'll share one thing,
it
-- just seems like the right time to do this,
-- right?
Manage is, is even less descriptive than that.
So,
so um
the way this is the way this is getting built is off of a data model. So um
in theory,
these could change or be updated where the underlying data remains the same, right?
Because like we're, we're separating
like like presentation layer from data layer.
Uh
So that's,
it's not gonna be as hard to update in the future as it
currently is where it's a mess of spaghetti code and it's like really,
really difficult to update.
And then the other component is then
not in this iteration, we need to get something live.
But in the next iteration you'll click on verify
and it'll go down to the list of the 15 features
and that's where you can describe what the heck of verify is
-- or what the heck I
-- manage.
So we will have an opportunity because I was
about to say you're gonna hate me for this.
But like we're,
we're
being cyclical about the same problem we had
there being the audience coming in and
not knowing anything about these specific stages.
That's
a
problem.
That was one of the big things. It's like, OK, 1515 features.
What, what is, what are they? Why do I care? You know?
Yeah,
that means
to say that means nothing to me looking at this, this page. Um But quick question.
No, we're on top of it actually, if you read the thread I brought that up,
but she said we can't do it like right now, which I understand
but small thing, what do you guys think about the colors?
Uh
I don't know.
I usually let the designers handle that stuff. They, they,
I, I like,
I,
I like the fact that
there's no red on there.
Oh You like that?
That's what I was going
-- for you.
-- Like
it's not, it's not obviously negative.
Uh So we're saying because it really does lend itself to being a
comparison more than a competitive piece because of that because there's no,
you know, these folks at 37% are in the red and they're terrible.
They just have less green or we would have less green.
So it's, it's not, it's not being worse, it's being less good. And I think that,
I, I think that lends itself to
working with, you know, all the co opet situations we're talking about,
you know.
Yeah, that's,
that's the goal is we want, we want to generate a helpful asset for the industry.
This is not just like marketing chill, this should be like a helpful page.
Uh So it's like, yeah, the goal is to have a comparison
comparing DEV
ops tool is not a,
you know, this is all of our competitors and why we're better.
Yeah.
Um iiii I think from a competitive mindset and for me, I'm like, let's go hard,
let's put some red on there and
that's just the way I think, right.
So, but I brought it up and that for now we're gonna stick with the green.
They recommend that we stick with the green and uh see how it goes.
But I don't know,
-- I was feeling the red and yellow too
-- so it is easy on the eyes and um it's, you know,
there's something to be said for that.
So,
yeah,
uh
cool. Well, we're almost up on time but I did wanna share one thing that kind of came in
like
basically Friday,
it was like late Thursday for me.
So this
uh
this is another thing, a lot, a lot of these things,
I don't have like a ton of context on.
Um I just know like we're just trying to up our game.
So like, hey, let's move fast and do the best we can do.
Um
So this is a little bit of a messaging
framework and then the assignment that was given to me was to,
to fill in these boxes here.
So,
uh and then this was the fodder
that I got.
So there was these ones that said like
from roadmap to company vision, we are transparent
and a single source of truth. Countless possibilities.
Honestly, I think this one's really like, really pithy and catchy.
Uh I really like it. Um
I really liked uh what's the other one that I like? But not everyone does um
all in one for everyone.
So I just uh I don't know, I like, I just think so there's something catchy about that.
Um
But I know that kind of
catchy is not everyone's cup of tea. All that to say is um
the assignment here was
that I took, it was to write a pithy, few words like
punchy statement
for each of these three things.
Uh So I ended up with a single source of truth. Countless possibilities.
I like that a lot.
Um This one I went with end to end control over your software factory,
not as pithy but or like not as catchy,
but
um
I like it.
So what's the difference between that slide and the
-- next one that doesn't have anything under
-- security?
This, this was the um
honestly, so that, so when I first got this, it didn't have this
and it didn't have anything under security. So this, this was
what I
do
is just your iteration of it.
Yeah, this is, this is mine.
This is I just put here so that I would have like the original statements like,
you know, automate nearly anything, collaborate on everything.
I kind of like that. But I,
you know,
this one I hate
scale up, speed up, test up. I don't think anybody tests up.
I think that's really goofy. So
you hate it.
Uh This one I love
that for me. It's I love it or I hate it, right?
-- Um I
-- love, I love how you're just like
uh
so anyway,
the
what I love is just in five minutes now and then
we can just kind of end the call is kind of like
um
anything that you would change this out for,
anything that you would change this out for.
And then actually, let's start here.
This one I couldn't pick
and I'll, I'll tell you why. It's because I, I like things to have parody
in, in their tone,
right? So this is maybe like super nuanced
elements of messaging but I hate it if it's like
a single source of truth, that's like a noun phrase. End to end control.
That's like a noun
items. So you could say with Git Lab, you get a single source of truth.
With Git lab, you get end to end control.
And you can't say with Git Lab, you get,
move fast with confidence.
-- No,
-- but you can say more speed, less risk. I like that one the best.
I don't like the last one.
I agree.
That's, that's why I put this one at top was for that parody.
And then so it sounds like kind of y'all's thoughts or that's, that's good as well.
Uh Yeah,
the only thing it might be missing but I
don't know how we do it without over complicating.
It is.
Well, I guess less risk also implies higher quality.
I guess that kind of bundles the quality and the security together.
So I, I've talked myself out of not liking that. So, yeah. Good.
Cindy's last blog post had a really good turn of phrase that I stole for for give
out
14 when she was out,
it was like secure the software factory and all the stuff that you're making it.
-- She said it really elegant
-- and
so I just
deliverables, secure the software factory and its deliverables.
-- Yeah,
-- I thought it was good to emphasize both
because they mean
it
was nice.
Yeah.
So you could say um secure and control your software factory and its deliverables.
Maybe that would encompass both thoughts.
I'm,
I'm not a big fan of the,
it's, it's deliverables. Is there, uh, can we say like
your software factory and your software or your, your
software or in your product?
Product? Sounds like
-- car manufacturer.
-- I
say
IP, here, but it just doesn't sound right.
And that's always, it's always shorthand.
Yeah,
I
like this one better.
Yeah, I think I do too
but,
but I appreciate the thought, Brian.
Uh
And then
the last thing I'll say is so this is, this is my attempt to,
to channel my inner Ash withers.
Um I think Ash is like super good at
just
again, just like the the catchier like the turn of phrase element to it.
Um
And so like this kind of idea like single source of truth,
countless possibilities or all in one for everyone.
There's something catchy about this. So, so here I was trying to like
envision what is it that we actually give you with this velocity?
It's like it's velocity with confidence is what is what you get?
Um
-- I
-- like your move fast with confidence better than increased speed and stay on track.
Yeah, so I was trying to, I was thinking of like,
you know,
if you're like, if you're in a race car
and like
you go like super, super fast, like let's say you're in the bike race, right?
And you're going so fast and somebody holds out the sign
and then like half of the bike race collapses,
right?
Um
So it's almost kind of like you can,
you can keep going like faster and faster and faster.
And if somebody like jumps out with a sign in the middle of the racetrack,
you're not gonna get tripped up by it
because get labs, you know,
it's testing is gonna catch that and security is gonna catch that.
Um, all of those elements
that allow you to move faster,
but to do so with confidence because otherwise you're like
the faster you go then it gets more dangerous.
So trying to encapsulate that in this like that was kind of where I was like,
stay on track, but I, I didn't like it either.
You
-- just
-- open
the
door
for
NASCAR
Partnership.
Hey NASCAR goes fast and turns left because it get loud.
So,
Ricky
demograph.
So yeah.
So I don't think I like that one and then I think between these two,
I like move fast with confidence, but I don't like the,
the verbiage of it because it doesn't have parody.
So that's where I think.
Do you wanna add,
maybe we can add high confidence or more
confidence at the end of your first statement.
So it kind of combines
all of it. So more speed, less risk,
high
confidence,
confidence
-- is kind
-- of overused. Anyway, like I see a lot of competitors and vendors using it.
I really like the first one just more speed, less risk. Bam no trade offs.
You know, just that how it is.
Mm
oh no trade offs.
That's one of my go tos I love that one.
-- This,
-- this gets into the uh
no trade offs.
The en
the engineering me says there's never no tradeoffs.
That's like saying like 100% secure.
Like this is why we always say mitigate, right? We always say like
risk or less risk. You never say no
with messaging, right? I mean, not everything, you know,
-- not
-- just more speed, less risk with confidence.
Mm
But
yeah,
more speed.
The Ricky Bobby and me really did like the no trade offs there. Parker.
-- Oh, is that was that from?
-- Uh no, but it could have been.
It's something Ricky Bobby would have said if anyone hasn't seen Talladega Nights,
-- they should, that's
-- the homework for this weekend
to come back
and
we talk about it on Monday in our little social.
I often say
thank you little 8.05 ounce baby
with the golden diapers.
I say that so often that I just think everybody has seen
Talladega Nights but then I realize that people that haven't are like
is really weird.
And then,
and then next week we'll watch Step Brothers.
-- That's another great one. So much room for
-- activities.
Ok. Um I'm gonna go with uh more speed, less risk and
um
I think this is due at the end of the day. So any additional thoughts
I'm actually gonna un tag.
It's strong. All those are, you know,
cool.
-- Those
-- are good.
Awesome.
Well, uh, this was kind of fun to do a little bit of like working together session
and, uh,
keep it,
keep it rocking.
Good to see everybody. See you soon.